# Final Status Update

## Last Week's Accomplishments

> #### Finished the Bootstrap implementation

> #### Added Style to the page via NavBar, Card organization

> #### Added Logo to the page

> #### Used Bootstrap tables for better readability

## Future Plans

> I would like to finish implementing the display of dynamic data. We currently are showing static data. 

> Charts or graphics would be a great addition to the analytic offerings of the site. 

> Expanding the site to stats other than football. We have been thinking maybe Baseball and Basketball, but it is dependent on the DB packages we can find.

## Semester Overview

> #### The team started with an Angular Seed. After learning some Angular at a slow rate, the team decided a TypeScript/Express approach was preferred.

>  #### After the Switch I worked alongside Gabe to learn the new platform. Gabe had some experience with it, and I have little to none. 

> #### I focused primarily on data representation. My goal was to create tables that could be dynamically sorted. As a fantasy football player myself. The value of being able to target specific stat points is huge. 

> #### I worked with data gathered from the NFLDB package used in the backend. Colin and Chris created routes to display weekly positional data. This is the data I was representing. However, I have not figured out the proper way to dynamically pull the data from the end point, so the data displayed is static. 

> #### I've begun the process of implementing dynamic data. The back end team has routes to the data hosted on heroku that I've been trying to connect to. This is a work in progress, and I'm still learning about how it works. 

> #### Gabe and I worked to create a fluid theme to the site. We implented a basic version of this theme at the beginning. The past couple of weeks I've been working on using Bootstrap to bolster this. 

> #### I learned a lot about Bootstrap's components, the style, and the function it provides. So far I've implemented a custom NavBar, Cards to organize Bootstrap Tables, and Those tables use Bootstap to better readability and style. 

